update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-form-layout-find-item-and-access-controls: Readme.md

# Form Layout for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to find an item and access nested controls
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4579/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to find a layout item by its name and assign a value to a nested control.

![FormLayout Items](findItem.png)

## Overview

Create the [Form Layout](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFormLayout) control, add item and group objects, and specify their [Name](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.LayoutItemBase.Name) properties.

```aspx
<dx:LayoutGroup Caption="Group1" Name="Group01">
    <Items>
        <dx:LayoutItem Caption="LayoutItem011" Name="LayoutItem011">
            <LayoutItemNestedControlCollection>
                <dx:LayoutItemNestedControlContainer ID="layoutContainer1" runat="server">
                    <dx:ASPxTextBox ID="ASPxTextBox1" runat="server" Width="170px" />
                </dx:LayoutItemNestedControlContainer>
            </LayoutItemNestedControlCollection>
        </dx:LayoutItem>
        <!-- ... -->
    </Items>
</dx:LayoutGroup>
```

> To find a particular layout item by its name, call the control's [FindItemOrGroupByName](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFormLayout.FindItemOrGroupByName(System.String)) method and pass the item's `Name` property value as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find a layout item by its name, call the control's [FindItemOrGroupByName](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFormLayout.FindItemOrGroupByName(System.String)) method and pass the item's `Name` property value as a parameter.
```

```csharp
LayoutItemBase baseItem = layout.FindItemOrGroupByName(ASPxComboBox1.Value.ToString()) as LayoutItemBase;
```

> To get a nested control inside a layout item, use the [LayoutItem.Controls](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.LayoutItem.Controls) property. The code sample below traverses through the collection of nested controls and assigns new values to the controls.

Reviewer: Question about phrasing: to get a nested control inside a layout item? to get something inside something? That phrasing is odd. What do you mean by "get" here?

Author: Here I describe how to access a control placed in a layout item. So can we change it to the following:
```suggestion
To access a control placed in a layout item, use the [LayoutItem.Controls](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.LayoutItem.Controls) property. The code sample below traverses through the collection of nested controls and assigns new values to the controls.
```

Reviewer: Great! Thank you.
